- To a passport office or apply in the mail. And
- it's important to remember that for Children under the age
- of 18, even if you've had a previous passport, it's
- not considered a renewal. It's considered to be a new
- application for security reasons and protection reasons for Children. But
- if there's more details, then perhaps you can share them
- only to share that the online renewal application we anticipate
- will be available this fall and we expect it will
- create advantages from processing time with the ability to upload
- your passport directly for the purpose of the renewal. How
- is this going to help you out at service Canada
- when you have situations with big lines and that sort
- of thing, are people going to see a difference in
- the way that in the speed in which they're able
- to access their passports? Yes. So I think it's important
- to note that service Canada is completely back within service
- standards when it comes to issuing passports. But it was
- one of the lessons learned from the experience last spring
- and summer that we needed to modernize the passport.